Victor Grousset,
67/193, route de Brignoles
83149 Bras, France,
referred to as licensee, is hereby granted by

The Document Foundation (TDF)
Kurf체rstendamm 188
10707 Berlin
- a charitable Foundation under German law (gemeinn체tzige rechtsf채hige Stiftung des b체rgerlichen Rechts) -,
referred to as licensor

a non-exclusive, non-transferable and revokable license to use the following trademarks and/or brands and/or names, registered and/or hold and/or otherwise protected by and/or for the licensor:

* LibreOffice, without the tagline "The Document Foundation"

The license is only valid for the following purposes:

* offering a script called "LibreOffice Portable downloader" to create a portable version of LibreOffice

"LibreOffice" and "The Document Foundation" are registered trademarks of their corresponding registered owners or are in actual use as trademarks in one or more countries. Their respective logos and icons are also subject to international copyright laws. Use thereof is explained in our trademark policy, available at
https://wiki.documentfoundation.org/TradeMark_Policy

Licensor grants licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable, daily revokable trademark license to use the above trademark(s) for the purpose(s) set forth in this agreement. Any other use or purpose is not covered by this agreement and needs a separate, written mutual agreement.

The license is free of charge.
The license does not entitle licensee to issue sublicenses and/or relicense the trademark.
The license does not entitle licensee to act on behalf of licensor and/or as an official representative of licensor.

Either one of licensor and licensee can terminate this agreement at any time, in which case license will revoke the trademark license and licensee is obliged to cease use of the trademark as soon as possible, unless otherwise allowed by the trademark policy.

This license agreement automatically ends on December 31st, 2014, 23:59 UTC. It is not prolongued automatically, but requires a separate, written mutual agreement to be continued beyond this date. Otherwise, licensee is obliged to cease use of the trademark at this time as soon as possible, unless otherwise allowed by the trademark policy.
